Sorry! Follow through!
I'm always amazed you can pull off that set.
You could just go underhand.
Well, it's a setter's job to set.
I have to set the ball to the best spot.
And?
Underhanded, it would've been two arms.
But overhanded, I've got ten fingers.
I went with the higher
number for better support.
Because I'm a setter!
I'm on a team with someone who
plays volleyball like that.
Yet I've been playing so half-assed...
We don't need a guy who just
gets the serve over on our team.
I thought I'd never get a chance again.
Even the best team in the world would lose
if they kept doing the same thing.
We haven't even become best in Japan yet.
If we keep holding onto yesterday,
what are we going to be tomorrow?
You just need one thing.
Challenge yourself today.
We Don't Need the Memories
Inarizaki                                                         Karasuno
Episode 22: Pitons
We Don't Need the Memories
Nice serve!
Challenge...
yourself today.
Nice serve, Heisuke!
We Don't Need the Memories
Nice serve, Heisuke! Go, go,
Heisuke, one more time!
Unlike his stint in the second set,
Riseki Heisuke let loose a tremendous serve!
Yes! Yes!
Attaboy!
His serve is manageable.
Let's cut it off with one.
Karasuno High's Coach Ukai is
trying to cut things off quickly.
Right!
So basically everyone in
Inarizaki's cheer squad
is like that one old guy
with the muttonchops.
He'll cheer for plays he thinks were good,
and boo the bad ones.
After a time out, it's Riseki's
turn to serve again.
Can he keep up his concentration?
Ryu!
It's long!
That serve threw them off, and then...
Ojiro Aran nails it!
Yes!
That was intense!
Yeah!
We Don't Need the Memories
Nice kill, Aran!
Inarizaki                                                         Karasuno
Nice kill, Aran! Push it, push it,
Aran! One more time!
And instantly, Inarizaki is
right on Karasuno's tail.
Don't panic, guys...
Don't worry... It'll be okay.
Inarizaki                                                      Karasuno
Hey, nice job!
I'll get three points next time!
At least say you'll get ten.
How serious are you?
One hundred percent.
Dang. He's really comin' for them.
We Don't Need the Memories
Nice serve!
Kageyama!
Left!
Tanaka-san!
Their #5 on the left has an insane cut shot.
But...
You don't got much more than that, do you?
You're just a weaker version of Bokuto.
He stopped it!
Tanaka Ryunosuke's been on a roll
since the end of the first set,
but he was just stopped in his tracks!
Looks like the third-year Omimi-kun
just shut down the course
that kept getting by them.
Inarizaki                                                         Karasuno
Inarizaki didn't just catch up!
They managed to turn things
around and take the lead.
Inarizaki just scored the 13th point,
which marks the half point,
so the teams will now switch sides.
Faculty Room
It seems like first-year Riseki's
serve turbocharged Inarizaki.
Of course, confident serves
like that are powerful,
but they also put pressure
on their opponents,
while giving their own team
a boost of encouragement.
It's pretty hard to get them right, though.
Will Karasuno High be able to
stop Inarizaki's momentum?
Inarizaki is still showing
some instability.
They're all individually powerful,
but sometimes, their teamwork is off,
and their aggressiveness
can backfire on them.
But they're called the Ultimate Challengers
#3.
because they can also make
all this work in their favor.
I know.
The fact that they're ranked second
in the country is proof of that.
It's gonna get rough if
you let them keep going.
Who the hell cares about
being ranked second in Japan?
Second? Or was it third?
It doesn't really matter, really.
That was yesterday.
Cover!
Yesterday's already gone.
Kageyama, get the last!
Right! Right!
Plenty of yesterdays have already
been converted into muscle.
That was a difficult shot,
but Kageyama managed to get it back over,
aiming right for their setter, Miya Atsumu!
Osamu!
But Inarizaki has...
Miya Osamu!
Their #2 over the center,
or the ace on the left...
What are we...
...going to do...
...today?
The twins' minus tempo quick...
reverse!
Wh-What was that?
We Don't Need the Memories
Unbelievable!
That was a set from the spiker
Miya Osamu to the setter Miya Atsumu!
They just dealt a minus tempo quick!
The Miya Twins are a terrifying duo!
If we keep holding onto yesterday,
what are we going to be tomorrow?
We Don't Need the Memories
Inarizaki High School Volleyball Club
What the hell? Damn it!
Yeah!
But it was too low and a bit short.
Stop being picky! I'm not a setter!
I think we might actually be able
to pull off a Sky Love Hurricane now!
Sure, you get to be the bottom.
Huh?! You're the bottom, you dimwit!
That was a fluke. Don't let it get to you.
Right!
That may have been a fluke, but there's
no denying that they're panicking.
Yeah.
That must feel awful...
Not only did the tables turn on them,
they then faced an unpredictable attack,
so they must be panicked.
I'm sure they'd like to change this flow.
At times like this, you'd feel so much
better if you could get an epic one in.
That'd also get your team's motivation up.
We know you're gonna try to do everything
you can to get that spike over,
and we're going to do everything
to make sure it doesn't get over.
Shut down!
They managed to stop the ace, Azumane!
It seems like the orange guys
Inarizaki                                                                      Karasuno
might actually lose at this rate.
I put too much strength into it! Sorry!
Guess he touched the net. Lucky for them,
Lame.
Shut your mouth!
but the side that took a
mental beating is Karasuno.
We got lucky, and now we can catch up!
Damn it... I'd been able to
ignore Inarizaki's cheer squad,
but now they're getting to me again.
Get out there, Shoyo!
Yeah!
And now, Karasuno's bringing middle
blocker Hinata-kun up to the front.
He's an excellent scorer and one
of the best decoys out there,
Hinata...
so they'll hoping to snap Inarizaku's streak.
Hinata, do something.
Anything!
Asahi!
It's up! Follow through!
Tanaka!
Inarizaki lost control of the ball, but...
Ojiro Aran put everything
he had into that one!
Tanaka-san!
Up front!
We Don't Need the Memories
Inarizaki's blockers are
also upping their game.
Kageyama...
I'm gonna swallow my pride
and ask you to do this.
Hinata!
Nice, nice!
Nice kill! Nice kill!
And now, Kageyama's up to serve. Karasuno
will probably want some break points here.
Kageyama! Nice serve!
Their #9 has a powerful serve...
Up front, they've got three attackers,
including their #10.
Kageyama, nice serve!
This is the most annoying rotation.
Free ball!
It's because this rotation's so annoying...
That we won't let them have that break point!
Nice receive!
It's long!
Dump!
I'm gonna stop him!
Yes!
Wh-Why are they getting a point?!
That was a reach over.
What?
Hinata and Tanaka probably thought
they blocked Miya Atsumu's dump,
but Miya Atsumu was actually trying to set.
They're not allowed to touch the ball
when it's still in the opponent's court.
You baited him into doing that.
The ones who dominate the net aren't
the big guys or the middle blockers.
It's the ones who reign over
this territory... The setters.
Inarizaki                                              Karasuno
And now, the rotation brings back
Inarizaki's most powerful server, Miya Atsumu.
Will Karasuno be able to survive?
Whoa, there! That ball went right
back over to Inarizaki's court!
Damn it.
Nice receive!
Karasuno survives a little longer.
The orange guys just seem to
be barely hanging on now.
Yeah...
Tsukishima! Kick ass out there!
Damn it...
Now their setter's in the back, meaning the
twins' quick is probably coming up again.
Keep your blocking game up!
That receive is going right to the center.
Who's Miya Atsumu going to use?
And the attack's gonna come
from the right with Ginjima!
Yes!
But Karasuno's wall, Tsukishima,
isn't gonna let that happen!
One more time!
Got it!
Osamu!
Miya Atsumu skips the
pass and sets the ball!
That's insane, Tsumu.
Tsukishima's on point.
The ball's waiting for Miya Osamu!
What?!
Miya Osamu sets the ball
that was set to him!
Karasuno's blockers totally
fell for that one!
Damn it...
And here comes Ojiro Aran
from the back!
Every once in a while...
In a period of time that feels
long and filled with exhaustion,
though very rarely,
you might see something like this.
Just thinking about it
gets your heart racing...
And you can feel your
confidence coming back.
After a long, strenuous climb to the top,
it serves as the foothold
that you desperately needed.
It's not a miracle.
Maybe it's one out of a hundred,
or even one out of a thousand,
but it's the one you went to
reach and managed to grab.
By grabbing and connecting
these rare moments,
you're able to keep climbing
higher and higher.
I never thought the day would come
where I'd say this to you...
Nice receive!
I'm going on ahead.
Don't panic too much.
Also... Don't go underestimating
what it takes to be a ball boy.
Without that setter, Kageyama,
I can't say that I sense any worth in you.
"He who climbs the ladder
must begin at the bottom."
What are you even doing?
Haikyu!!
The set's a bit low.
He's struggling with his approach...
Blocker on that line...
Despite their libero not being present,
their middle blocker Hinata Shoyo
managed to get that powerful attack up!
Faculty Room
What a nice receive!
A fluke? I mean, I guess
you could call it that...
But they can't all be flukes. I mean...
Wait... What exactly is a fluke?
There was concentrated
intent behind his actions.
The moment he made contact with the ball,
he used his whole body to kill
the ball's velocity,
then sent it up high, gently spinning...
It's perfect—
No wait! I'm not gonna say it!
I'm not gonna say it yet!
Counter!
Go! Get that break point!
Synchro Attack: Five-Man Version!
It may be a single point, but it's
one that we can't let them get!
It's gonna turn the game in
a direction we don't want!
Stop them!
Follow through!
Three blockers!
Nice wipe!
He's so fast! What the—
Kageyama!
Nice kill!
It's still in the air! Can Inarizaki
send it back over? They can!
Back! Back!
Free ball!
One more!
You've gotta be kidding me!
We Don't Need the Memories
Yeah!
It wasn't a break point.
It wasn't even a point that
gives us the match point.
But even then...
That point was more than enough
to shatter their spirits.
Once their spirits are shattered,
their bodies suddenly remember all
the exhaustion that's been piling up.
Sensei...
Inarizaki                                                         Karasuno
That was an amazing rally where
neither side wanted to give up,
but it appears as though the goddess of
victory is still smiling upon Inarizaki!
It was just barely, but having those two
huge attacks come back at them must've hurt.
That was so close.
Yeah.
I don't want to lose.
We can't lose!
I'm not gonna let this end.
We're not gonna—
Did you see that?!
Did you see my receive back there?!
Nope.
You lie!
Just so you know, I heard
you say, "Nice receive!"
Now, just watch me get the next one!
It hurts.
I just want to stop.
This is when you get over those feelings,
and take that first step.
It's like he's havin' a good meal.
Seriously. Why do you keep
thinking about food this match?
It's like when you eat too
much yakiniku, feel sick,
swear you won't eat any for a while,
but then you want some the very next day.
Actually, I prefer to have
curry or sushi after yakiniku.
Despite eating multiple times a day,
you instantly get hungry.
And every time you eat, you feel happy.
And no matter how many
times you experience it,
that feeling of happiness never goes away.
Ah, well...
I guess you do always look like you're
super happy to be alive when you eat.
Even if you're eating cold
rice balls or soggy ramen.
That's what's going on with him, though.
He's playing volleyball like I eat my food.
Tsumu, did you know?
If you have a bite when you're starving,
you just get hungrier.
Yeah, I get it.
When you see someone enjoyin'
their food so much...
Everyone else gets hungry, too.
Episode 23: The Birth of the Serene King
Next time, "The Birth of the Serene King."